Update README to reflect IPV in the heading (#86)
govuk-one-login/authentication-tech-docs: README.md

# GOV.UK Sign In technical documentation

> This is the documentation for relying parties that want to connect their service to the GOV.UK Sign In product - for authentication, and optionally for identity proofing and verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation is for government services that want to integrate with GOV.UK One Login to 

* authenticate their users
* verify their user's identity  
```

# GOV.UK One Login technical documentation

This documentation is for government services that want to integrate with GOV.UK One Login to 

* authenticate their users

> * verify their user's identity  

Author: ```suggestion
* verify their users' identity  
```

Looks like I dug myself in a grammar hole here :-o
